c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\ktkproje.exe.config
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\ktkproje.exe
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\ktkproje.pdb
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\Page1.baml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.g.resources
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.exe
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.pdb
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\Page2.g.cs
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\Page2.baml
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.Entity.EF6.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\MySql.Fabric.Plugin.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\MySql.Web.dll
c:\users\hasan\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.csproj.ktkproje.exe.config
C:\Users\MERTCAN\Desktop\ktkproje\ktkproje\bin\Debug\ktkproje.exe.config
C:\Users\MERTCAN\Desktop\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.exe
C:\Users\MERTCAN\Desktop\ktkproje\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.pdb
C:\Users\MERTCAN\Desktop\OgrenciStajTakibi\OgrenciStajTakibi\ktkproje\bin\Debug\ktkproje.exe.config
C:\Users\MERTCAN\Desktop\OgrenciStajTakibi\OgrenciStajTakibi\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.exe
C:\Users\MERTCAN\Desktop\OgrenciStajTakibi\OgrenciStajTakibi\ktkproje\obj\Debug\ktkproje.pdb
